number one sign I know a VP of sales
will never make it is when they don't
own up to a miss and I can already see
in their board decks and their
presentation who's positioning it is not
a miss
and who's owning up to it um now if you
miss every quarter obviously you know
the startup's in trouble and you can't
make it as a VP of sales but a Miss is a
miss and you've got to own up own up to
it and you've got to own up to whether
it's a hard Miss I.E it's down from the
prior quarter or a softness which is
growth from the prior quarter but not
the growth we'd hoped a softness is is
not great I hope you had a realistic
plan with your CEO but be honest about
each month be honest about why you
missed it don't blame others
transparency builds when things aren't
going well they stop sending them and BP
to sales don't don't own up to a Miss
own up to a Miss own up to a Miss they
own up to a Miss as soon as they can't
do anything about it maybe it's a couple
days before the end of the quarter if
you're Enterprise because it's just too
late but they own up to the Mist when it
happens they take responsibility and
they tell you the two to three things
they're gonna do better than